---
layout: post
title: "Teaching about Personal Finances and Serving at YWCA"
category: Toronto
tags: [International]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

h3. Goals of the event

h4. For the Women

Participate in workshops that will enhance self esteem, develop soft skills, discover interests & strength, enrich life and bring hope in a fun and engaging environment

h4. For the Presenter

Provide support to share talents and interests through the form of workshop, to enhance public speaking and presentation skills, to make an impact and get involved in the community

h3. Topics that were covered

A broad overview of personal Credit

* How to start a Credit
* How to improve a Credit
* How to fix a Credit
* Why is Credit important?
* What is a Credit Score?
* How do I get a credit report?
* How to get a loan or a Credit Card from the bank?
* How to purchase a home
* Budgeting and Personal finances
* Strategies on how to pay down debt
* Understanding Assets and Liabilities
* Investments vehicles
* Different types of Insurance
* Retirement planning

h3. Summary

Refreshments and snacks were prepared 30 minutes prior. One of the volunteer disciples baked a homemade cake for the event. Volunteers got to know the women in attendance prior to start.

Presentation materials were prepared by the presenter via PowerPoint slides which was projected onto a screen. TTC tokens were given away as the participants answered questions posted by the presenter. This made the interaction more lively and fun. Participants asked questions throughout the workshop. The presenter was enthusiastic in answering all the questions posted by the participants.

Some of the participants even gave answers to other participants about their knowledge of the topic. Participants had varied interests: how to open a TFSA account, to how to get a business loan, to how to withdraw an RRSP account, to how to do a budget, etc. There were around 15-20 participants from the shelter who attended.

All the volunteers, participants, and YWCA staff said the event was 'perfect' and 'timely' for the women in the shelter. The YWCA staff would like to repeat this workshop again for another season.