---
layout: post
title: "Village of HOPE in Haiti, a report"
category: International
tags: [International]
blurb : "HOPE worldwide of Canada sent $30,000 to Haiti to be used to train 30 members of the Port of Prince Church of Christ (PPCC) in trades, such as construction, cleaning and alternative energy"
image : /assets/themes/twitter/images/work/international/main_village.jpg
---
{% include JB/setup %}

In November 2010, after the earthquake that shook and destroyed major parts of Haiti and the capital city, Port of Prince, HOPE worldwide of Canada (HwwC), sent $30,000 to Haiti to be used to train 30 members of the Port of Prince Church of Christ (PPCC) in trades, such as construction, cleaning and alternative energy.

Thus began a relationship between HOPE worldwide of Canada and HOPE worldwide Haiti that continues to date. The training of individuals in useful trades is vital to the individual recovery of people and their families in the aftermath of the disaster and ensuing crisis. The next phase of the recovery of the people that comprise the PPCC was the planning, construction and development of a brand new community. On March 22, 2012, at 11:00 am the Village de HOPE at Croix-des-Bouquets was officially inaugurated by Stanley Cesar, President HOPE worldwide Haiti (HwwH); Annael Hyppolite, Coordinator HwwH; Mark Ottenweller, Haiti Project Manager, HOPE worldwide, Ltd.; Beth Carroll, Project Director, Food For the Poor (FFP); Jean-Lenet Charles, President of the committee of the Village de HOPE; Jean St. Ange Darius, Maire of Croix-des-Bousquets; and Jean Tholbert Alexis, Deputy of Croix-des-Bousquets. 

The Vilage de HOPE was blessed by Wilner Cornelly, Evangelist of PPCC. The 30 individuals that HwwC helped to train participated in the construction of the Village de HOPE. As of the date of this newsletter, HwwC is supporting another project at the Village de HOPE: solar panels for the independent generation of power are being shipped from the USA to Haiti to be installed at the Village de HOPE at the school facilities. Without the donations of those who support HwwC, a reliable source of power would not be available to the students and teachers at the school in the Village de HOPE. Members of the PPCC who were trained in 2010 with the funds from HwwC in alternative energy will work on this project and be paid for their services from the funds sent by HwwC. We hope that there will be further projects that will be supported by HwwC and our major partners at the International Churches of Christ in Canada.
