---
layout: page_282
title: Managing International Relief Articles
category: HowTos
tags: [HowTos]
---

{% include JB/setup %}


h2. The Format of the International Relief Posting

bc. puts "
---
layout: post
title: "Village of HOPE in Haiti, a report"
category: International
tags: [International]
blurb : "HOPE worldwide of Canada sent $30,000 to Haiti to be used to train 30 members of the Port of Prince Church of Christ (PPCC) in trades, such as construction, cleaning and alternative energy"
image : /assets/themes/twitter/images/work/international/main_village.jpg
---
"

Copy one of the other postings and change the @title@, the @blurb@, the @image@, and of course the content of the Textile file, which is @the story that the posting describes@


<div id="myModal" class="modal hide fade">
	<div class="modal-header">
	  <a class="close" data-dismiss="modal" >&times;</a>
	  <h3>Modal Heading</h3>
	</div>
	<div class="modal-body">
	  <h4>Overflowing text to show optional scrollbar</h4>
	  <p>We set a fixed <code>max-height</code> on the <code>.modal-body</code>. Watch it overflow with all this extra lorem ipsum text we've included.</p>
	  <p>Aenean lacinia bibendum nulla sed consectetur. Praesent commodo cursus magna, vel scelerisque nisl consectetur et. Donec sed odio dui. Donec ullamcorper nulla non metus auctor fringilla.</p>
	</div>
	<div class="modal-footer">
	  <a href="#" class="btn" data-dismiss="modal" >Close</a>
	  <a href="#" class="btn btn-primary">Save changes</a>
	</div>
</div>

<div class="hero-unit">
	<a data-toggle="modal" href="#myModal" class="btn btn-primary btn-large">Launch demo modal</a>
</div>          


<hr />

h2. Next

"How to manage newsletters on the website":crud_newsletter.html.

{% include admin_toc.textile %}